📝(content) ChromeOS 110 release brings enhanced Bluetooth calling and parental approvals (#603)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/posts/chromeos-110-release.md

---
title: 'ChromeOS 110 release brings enhanced Bluetooth calling and parental approvals'
metadesc: 'ChromeOS 110 has moved to stable release. New features include channel labeling (for experimental channels), fast-tracked parental approvals, and enhanced Bluetooth calling.'
tags:
  - announcement
  - product news
  - technical
authors:
  - samrichard

> date: 2023-02-09

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-02-16
```

---

> ChromeOS 110 was released for beta on January 12, 2023 and reached stable release on February 9, 2023. This new iteration of ChromeOS brings with it a number of security fixes, alongside features such as faster parental approvals, enhanced Bluetooth call quality, and improved assistive feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChromeOS 110 was released for beta on January 12, 2023 and is now starting to roll out to stable. This new iteration of ChromeOS brings with it a number of security fixes, alongside features such as faster parental approvals, enhanced Bluetooth call quality, and improved assistive feedback.
```
